- The setting is something like 1692 Salem Witch Trials
	- So old time-y, Puritan style stuffs
	- No real technological development (horses, wagons, sailing ships, etc.)
## Blurb
### Outline
- Everyone needs to pray to the God (show religious extremism)
	- use different pronouns for God?
- Disease and malnutrition run rampant as a colony in a foreign land
- Each person and their family were selected as "upstanding" citizens
	- About 1000 people came over on a months long voyage across a treacherous ocean
		- 500 made it
	- Lauded as common folk making this great achievement for the Empire
	- They were actually selected because the Empire (not actually the King, but the people of the Big City ^tm) knew a dark secret about each one
- A largely patriarchal society that forces women into subservient roles
- Sylvia is the POV here (First? third? who knows)
- Sylvia's husband is abusive, physically and emotionally, and it was so extreme that even the authorities couldn't sweep it under the rug
	- Her husband was part of the upper classes police force
- The Head of the Church (the main religion, there are no sects in this one, everyone believes in the same God, some would even say too many did, or rather, too much of a percentage believe in them) consists of a group of men, who pass laws based on the divine rulings they receive from God, and each [[Vezetuu]] is hand selected by God, and already part of the Church in-group, the [[Igazto]]
- Sylvia is accused of Witchcraft by [[Veronica Patchman]]
- Her kids died of dysentery
- After being let go because the charges were proven false, she was cornered in her house by her husband, characteristically angry at her for bringing a bad name on his last name
- As he raises he fist to do what he has done so many times before, time fractalizes into a thousand, no a million pieces
- The faded picture, permanently burned into her brain, tore up
- A flame opened inside, bright, white, and hot
	- Consume thoughts for eternity
	- The grief of her kids passing in her arms, the shame of her situation, her pain, her anger, all into the fire, make it grow brighter, brighter
- After an eternity, no an instant, the pieces fade into existence, the painful images of her past flooding her mind, from a million pieces, to a thousand, to the complete picture of a blaze around her, with a charred skeleton in front of her
- Sylvia was hung for murder, the last of the [last name here] lineage ended, in tragedy
- The town, believing her not the only witch, started a crusade against Sylvia's friends

### Rough draft
Sunday, February 18th, 1691
>I had an unsettling vision while I slept last night, and in my efforts to keep the last vestiges of the memory available to me, I have written below the events I remember.
>I am in a place of sharp angles, unnaturally twisted. The winding of the angles is impossible to follow with my eyes. Even trying to remember them makes me dizzy. Odd beings surround me, some shadowy and ethereal, some solid white and black, swirling as ink dropped into water. I smell burning, cloth, and flesh alike. The pungent scent fills my nose and makes it hard to breathe. The figures swarm me, chanting in a language I can't understand. They suddenly vanish in puffs of smoke. A stillness envelops the space, those unnatural corners seeming to dampen all sound.
>The terrible delusion cuts to towering waves, a deep red, violently tossing me about. Each time I open my mouth, a metallic, viscous liquid replaces the air that should be there. Sheer will keeps me afloat, the waves crashing into me, pulling me into the depths. Light fades, and blood fills my lungs, reaching my hand to the surface. The warmth of the blood gets colder as I go deeper. The depths consume me, cold as ice, and I start awake. Sweat and tears have dampened the bed.
>I write this some time later, when Thomas is out again. Night visions fade from the mind, as they are oft to do. I am missing an integral piece, and I do not know what.
>Thomas is gone, a light flickering through the low door frame into the room. Shadows jump around, their tendril assaulting me like the ones from my dream. I'm hot, so hot. I need to escape, go somewhere cool. I stand, legs trembling, and quietly walk outside into the cool, crisp night. I sit for a while. Eventually, gray streaks of light appear, birds singing their songs that herald the dawn and day to come.
>The days come and pass, and I seem to watch myself from outside my body. Thomas offers no comfort, even though I know he is in as much pain as I am. He wears a mask of stoicism for others. I believe he resents me for how the village sees us. Well, how the village sees me, he doesn't take any scrutiny from the other Builders. I see darkness and accusation in his eyes. I pray for the day we heal, but it doesn't seem possible.
>-Sylvia

Tuesday, May 1st, 1691
>The dream continues to plague me. I have been able to fill in some missing parts, though some still escape me. I believe the source of the dream to be my shame and guilt for what has happened. Sweet Charlie deserved a chance, and he got none. And Abigail from the year before. The silence is deafening where I float.  The corners that fold in upon themselves invite my eyes to trace them. The serpentine lines wriggle, playing a game I can never win. I can't tell why the silence is so pervasive. I am being torn apart by the creatures of ink, their claws digging into my skin. My limbs are ripped in opposite directions, my joints protesting in pain. A gale of wind buffets me this way and that, and the thought bubbles to my mind that I have been dropped. The monsters have finally left me alone
>A roar overcomes the howl of wind, and the shadows coalesce into a towering silhouette. It reaches its massive hand toward me, grasping my head. I am picked up by my head, and the shadow throws me. I am deafened by the roar of the air, my body flailing wildly, flying like a ragdoll through the wind. I slam into a liquid. When my vision clears, there is an iron tang on filling my mouth, the towering waves forcing me under the surface.
>Each time I awake from that dream, I am distraught. The dream always ends shortly before the first signs of dawn.
>Theresa, Ann, and the others have helped me through my grief. I do think it is they, however, that have started claims about the unnaturalness of the stillbirths. I suppose God works in mysterious ways. The Szent contains a passage in the Book of Hope, Chapter X, verses 10 through 15:
>The Almighty hath created two absolutes for mankind, one each in the image of Him. One, for raising the walls that protect us, the other for tilling the fertile dirt to feed. Henceforth, these will be the Builders and Growers.
>Those two roles complement each other, each doing what the other can not. Each person graced with life by God fills only one role, as dictated by Her.
>Vezetuu Martin, may he rest in Her embrace, wrote the following after a divine meeting with Her:
>	... and she spoke unto me, filling my eyes and mind with her brightness, "The Grower has but a few functions of society: using their fertile valleys to produce the godly fruit of the future, the children... and grow the crops to nourish us."
> 	"...the green and fertile crop of a valley can fail for a multitude of reasons, and for the dear Growers, it can and will happen. I hath made this a fact of your lives. Have Hope and see the light through the dark when such a crop fails."
> Only when that crop has failed more than once can we look to find the darkness somewhere else, the darkness that wants to prevent the light of the future from dawning on the horizon of time.
>It must be my imagination, but the others seem to blame me for "the darkness." The heartbreak of Charlie brought back the grief I thought I had buried for Abigail as well, tenfold. I am being crushed, buried by the melancholy that encases my heart. My dear husband must know what is eating away at my insides. I see the way he scrutinizes me when he thinks I am not aware. The depths of his brown eyes decry the failed crop I am.
> -Sylvia

Saturday, August 4th, 1691
>Once again, I have heard the whispers and shadows of rumors floating around the village. Growers these days are mostly women. Verbal tales of days long past tell of a time when anyone who wanted to be a Grower could be. Builders and Growers weren't defined by sex. Over time, the men started associating Building with being masculine. The men seem to play a game of pride. I can't remember the last time I saw a Grower who wasn't a woman.
>The rumors have grown beyond that of just the unnatural. They say it is me that's broken. Am I unnatural? What's wrong with me? I have lost two children now. I think about Charlie and Abigail every day, and the melancholy that had a death grip on my heart has abated. I see that the Lady has plans greater than I could begin to comprehend.
>Everyone denies it to my face, but I see the way they look at me. Accusations assault me from the way they look while I wash clothes or carry water, whispering when I get near and moving away from me.
>The last part of the dream has revealed itself. 
>A large wave of blood engulfs me, my vision fading to black. The obsidian sheet that blinds me fractures, cracks of white shining through the void that encloses me. Those unnatural corners come back to taunt me, folding in on themselves, as if lightning rippled across the sky. The cracks explode, throwing flecks across my vision, like a murder of ravens swarming. The last raven is banished by the searing brilliance of the sun. 
>A flickering candle greets me as I sit up. The shriek I tried forcing out while asleep finally springs to life from my throat.

Thursday, November 8th, 1691
>The deafening silence from my night terrors continues to creep up on me throughout the day. What should've been a home and family brimming with warmth, love, and joy is an empty shell. Leagues separate Thomas and me in this small cabin, the frost from without inching its icy tendrils through the gaps in the walls. He seems to be on the town watch more often, even though he detested the duty earlier in the year.
>Even though Thomas is the Builder, I am the one stuck with the house-mending duties. I can't bring this up without furthering the distance between us.
>Winter coming early killed the late harvest. Fall festivities were cut short. Maybe that contributes to the silence. The other Growers have stopped coming by, and I find less joy in baking or other jobs given to Growers.
>The Church, as loving as it is, is gathering those less fortunate into a place with access to hot food and clean water. Or, rather, a hastily built, mediocre cabin that is too small. They dispense thin broth and stale bread, which is better than nothing. From the donations of the common folk, they must be able to do more than the bare minimum.
>I have been all but officially excommunicated by the Church. I sit in my own pew on Sundays, and no one talks to me before or after. The cold surrounds me wherever I go. They whisper that I sacrificed my children to some devilish entity. These Growers have known me since we played together as children, before we had anything required of us. They avoid me like the plague, likely to "protect" themselves from my curse or sickness. 
>Has the Lord abandoned me? The hope inside is being snuffed out like a candle. Tanar Preston has taken to counseling me on Mondays. He drones on about hope and how the challenges presented by the Lady are there for us to grow. How can a supposedly benevolent God take not one, but two children? What am I supposed to learn? The Growers shun me, blame me for the death of my children.
>I am beginning to resent God, or maybe rather, what was once God. It's not my fault I lost the children.
>What did I get for it? I was an outcast. I journal these days because I don't think I can talk to anyone else about this. This notebook would get me marked as a heretic. I should stop writing this. The anger needs to go somewhere, though; it boils within me.
>I did everything according to the Szent. I ate well, avoiding pork and beef. I drank clean water and prayed the requisite number of times. I was blessed by a Vezetuu. 
>I did everything right, yet I'm still wrong.
-Sylvia

Friday, February 29th, 1692
>The same dream visits me every night. Every night, like clockwork, it visits. Each time is a brand new experience. I can't tell anyone, that will throw fuel on the fire. I can't wait to get away from this place and those accusing eyes.
>Thomas seems to have picked up a habit of drinking more. He won't talk to me about the kids, insisting he is fine. I know he isn't. He's begun finding the little problems with the house. If it isn't spotless, it isn't good enough. If dinner isn't ready when he gets home, it isn't good enough. If dinner isn't hot when he gets home, it isn't good enough.
>Will anyone find me good enough? It's hard these days to have faith anymore. The hope has been strangled from within.

Saturday, April 5th, 1692
>I have been abandoned. By God, my friends, even Thomas. Tanar Preston hasn't left yet, but we are scheduling fewer counseling sessions. They do nothing to improve my mood. Hope has abandoned me, even though the Szent says hope is always there. Reading has helped fill the time. I cannot escape this well.

Wednesday, June 4th, 1692
>I've taken to walking in the woods during the day, often staying out after dusk, past boundaries set by the colony. It's peaceful, and the sounds of the forest replace the silence in the cabin and in my heart.
>People comment on this. I don't think I care anymore. The peace I have with the woods is miles better than the people of the village.
>I found a kitten, black of fur, mewling in a bush. It wouldn't have survived the night, which is still briskly cold. It fills my heart with peace and happiness like nothing else could. I have taken scraps of food to it, building a small shelter and stuffing it with straw. He grows every day. Would he be a Grower if he were a man? Animals have a simple existence free from the petty politics of the town. He gives me a respite from the predatory gaze of the townsfolk. He's a great listener too, often sitting on my lap and kneading my skin like dough. His only response is a squeak of a meow, or a deep rumble from within his very core. I have come to know this as a sign of content. I also decided to name this small black kitten Soot.
>A Vezetuu, by the name of Gerard, has come to the town with new divinations from the Mother Country. Vezetuu Martin IV has declared, and I quote,
>Our Lady God has spoken unto me on matters of utmost importance, new rules to be abided by immediately. From her divine word, exactly as spoken into my mind: Harvesting and planting seeds for crops is Building. The crops and livestock form the foundation, keeping us fed and content. Therefore, to build the foundation of humanity, the Builders shall take on the duties previously ascribed to Growers. Growers have too important a function in child rearing that Builders simply aren't meant for, and so they shall focus on that, connecting with My Holiness to produce a generation that is brighter than the last.
>Harvesting and planting were an escape from the trouble of raising children for many women. I can't believe this will go over well with the other Growers. Not that I care, but the pious circle must be seething in secret.
>Growers used to do more than farming, my grandmother once said. More than having and raising children. She told me of a time when Growers were commonly as educated as Builders, albeit in slightly different teachings. Everyone partook in writing, math, and history skills. Those days are long gone. I was lucky enough that my grandmother taught me to write and do math myself. Maybe I can teach Soot to write. The lack of thumbs may present a problem, but I believe in his adroitness.
-Sylvia

Friday, June 13th, 1692
>I write this from the woods well before dawn. Thomas was back from the bar late. Loud as he usually is, it awoke me from the dream. I was grateful, at first, until I snapped out of the grogginess of deep sleep. In his drunken fit, he sat on and broke a chair. This set him off, yelling for me, asking me, "Why didn't you notice the condition of this chair? It is your ONLY job to keep this house in neat order, since you seem to shirk the single responsibility of Growers." I stain this notebook with my tears in this moment, unable to control the tempest of grief within me. I thought I had it under control. I once again ask the question: Am I good enough? I seem unable to complete basic tasks, especially the one set out for me by God. I certainly don't feel like I'm enough.  I occupy more space I am worth, and that is wrong. Is my existence a cruel joke God has played upon my soul?
>I peek through the doorway, a disheveled mess, the last vestiges of the dream vanishing from my mind. He looms over the splintered pine, his jaw tight, his knuckles whitening as his hands balled into fists. I can smell the alcohol from where I am, the pungent smell of yeast and puke mingling. His shoes are dirty, covered in mud and food scraps. A cabinet door stands slightly ajar, the potato poking out, held only by the door's squeaky, tough hinges. The roof has formed a small leak, the beads of condensation slowly moving down into bigger and bigger beads, until the drop starts to fall.
>The fire is low, the embers evidence the wood could not sustain the destructive behaviors of the flames.
>Some of the sealant between the logs of the cabin has crumbled off.
>Everything seems off, just a little. I notice every little thing.
>The coalesced shadow is there, grabbing and throwing me. I slam into a wall, the wall groaning under the impact of my body. The shadow appears again, striking at me, once, twice.
>I see the drop of water; it hasn't hit the floor yet. It seems suspended in mid-air, creeping down ever so slowly.
>The ocean of blood covers me, choking me as blood pours into the back of my throat. My nose, it won't open, and every time I breathe, it throws me into a coughing fit.
>A candle throws shadows around the room, more ethereal than the one before me. They point, they laugh.
>The eyes of the potato stare at me, and I can't tell if they accuse me or have sympathy. The shadow is gone, blood streaming down my face. I find a raft among the waves of blood, and my journal is there. I grab the journal and stumble out to Soot's house. He heard me coming, his eyes glowing from the full moon above. His eyes are the only eyes to carry empathy. He acknowledges who I am. He sits on my lap, a deep, calm vibration emanating from his core. His little paw is over his nose.
>I notice redcap mushrooms with white dots form a circle around me. The ocean of blood has withdrawn for the night, and the gray streaks of dawn grace the sky. The heavens give their last twinkle before they, too, are drowned by a superior force. Soot awakes and, after looking at me, wanders off to do activities only Soot knows about.
>I must return and see if old Elizabeth, the herbalist, has anything for me. My face is puffy.
>-Sylvia

Saturday, June 14th, 1692
>Elizabeth sent me home with herbs and a willow bark poultice. It seems to help with the pain and swelling of my nose and eye. They are tender. I kept my hood up, ashamed to let anyone see me. Elizabeth promised to stay quiet about my visit. The Szent says a woman’s ills are her husband's business, but my garden knows no husbands.
>-Sylvia

Tuesday, June 17th, 1692
>Thomas has fallen ill in the last few days. He struggles to get out of bed, and when he does, he can't stand for more than a few minutes. Elizabeth dropped by with some herbs and made him drink a foul-smelling concoction.
>I bring him food and water and make sure he is fed. I read to him. I still love him. The Thomas I know exists somewhere in there. I have come to believe that the mask of grief and anger is no longer just a mask Thomas wears. It may be permanent, with all the time that has passed.
>-Sylvia

Wednesday, June 18th, 1692
>Thomas seems gaunt. People look at me, accusing me of Thomas' sickness. I would never do such a thing. People asked me what happened. I explained that I tripped and fell onto the table. It was my fault for not keeping a clean house, and I am known to be particularly clumsy.
>-Sylvia

Friday, June 20th, 1692
>Betsy Patchman, a child of only 12, collapsed in the Temple today. I was in the pews, and the Temple seemed quiet. I prayed for Thomas and myself, seeking guidance. I didn't necessarily pray to God, but to anything that could help.
>I helped get the girl to Elizabeth, who shooed us from the room.
>She was okay.

Saturday, June 21st, 1692
>Charges of casting curses on the townspeople were levied against me today. Thomas, who was getting better, didn't say anything as they dragged me out of the room. Veronica Patchman was said to have brought the charge. Tanar Preston declined to see me in the room. Thankfully, Elizabeth the herbalist corroborated my whereabouts on Tuesday and Wednesday. Veronica said she saw me in the woods all day, chanting in Tongues and dancing about. She also claims to have seen me doing the same on the night of the full moon. I was walked back home by Elizabeth, who cautioned me against the other village folk. Suspicion seemed to be the foundation of the town these days, she said.
>-Sylvia

Midnight of Saturday, June 21st, 1692
>The shadow came back tonight. Thomas was out drinking. He somehow had the strength to do that. The shadow came back tonight, the fury from the previous night redoubled upon me. My hands shake, and the tears flow freely, but I must record the truth of this night before my mind plays more tricks on me. 
>The same leak in the roof was there, the drops forming together, one by one, to form a bigger drop, until its weight pulled it off the ceiling.
>A spider watches from a corner of the house. The 8 eyes of the spider carry a judgment I cannot escape. Only Soot carries no suspicion or accusation.
>The floor, thin planks of wood, had a repeating pattern. A dark swirl, lines that moved around the swirl onto the next.
>The half-reassembled chair sits in the corner, its skeletal fingers pointing at me. It mocks me, just as the other Growers do.
>The drop hasn't fallen yet. I look to the door. It's flung open, the hinges broken, the moon peeking into the cabin. Another chair lay in fragments on the floor. It ridicules me, eyes alight with derisive laughter.
>The full moon stares at me through the ajar door, her eyes full of sympathy. It's odd to see sympathy in other eyes, I think. When did the moon get eyes? Has it always seen me? These thoughts skitter over the tumultuous pond that is my brain, only half-thought.
>I look back at the drop, and only now has it released its grip on the ceiling. The water regards me with concern. Or is it my reflection in the drop that I see? Is my life better in this alternate reality?
>The shadow solidifies as it raises its large hand to strike. Curly brown hair fades into existence atop the shadow's head. That's similar to Thomas's hair, though it couldn't be. He isn't here.
>A rough red shirt emerges from the depths of the shadows' chest. The drop has fallen an inch, the other Sylvia understands, viewing me with... forgiveness? Can I be forgiven? There is a patch on the left side of the coarse shirt, near the armpit. Thomas has a habit of scratching that area, making him look like a mangy hound. It's identical to a patch I made for that shirt, though we recycled that shirt into rags, didn't we?
>The drops float down, like an anvil through tar.
>Boots, scuffed and muddy, appear on the feet of the shadow. I should polish Thomas's shoes more. It's part of my duty as a Grower, right? Should I take care of his needs?
>What about my needs? I take up space, but the Sylvia in the water drop does too. If she can do so, why can't I? No one helped when I couldn't breathe under the weight of the guilt; the only person there for me was me.
>The spider has wrapped up a fly in its web. The cocoon delves into my past, passing judgment in that fraction of a second. It taunts me, saying I should've kept a cleaner house. Why can't I keep up with the cleaning? Why am *I* the one to always take care of the house?
>The shadowy hand swings; the drop may be halfway to the floor. The shadow speaks, telling me I make more trouble than I am worth. It's my fault, for the chair, for the children, for everything.
>How can it be my fault? I did everything Veronica did, and she has multiple kids. God must not have wanted me to have Charlie and Abigail. Why let me grow those children at all? My purpose in this life *isn't* just for children.
>The uncanny silence surrounds me. I shelter under my arms, protecting myself from the shadow.
>The fist, inches from my face, condenses into a hand. There is a scar on the hand, similar to the scar Thomas has. He got cut trying to subdue a vagrant with a knife.
>The shadow's face is pure anger. Hatred. Condemnation. It's my fault Charlie and Abigail died. I am fundamentally broken, damaged beyond repair. I know I didn't do anything to my poor children. It wasn't me. Everyone else blames Sylvia, but I refuse to do the same.
>Thomas's face, the cruel mask of grief and anger that has enveloped him, appears, but it can't be him. He wouldn't hit me, right? I am enough for him? The drop is almost to the floor, the moon, it cries for me through the door. I can hear its wails of sorrow; the first empathy in what ages. 
>Darkness envelopes me. I'm in the ocean of blood, struggling to stay afloat. I can't breathe, I can't get to the surface. I thrash, not knowing which direction is up. Complete blackness overwhelms me. I open my mouth, my body forcing me to breathe, but the iron taste of blood rushes in instead of air. The silence returns, lasting for an eternity. Is this death? No, tiny fractures of light, like the ice cracking on a frozen lake, form those unnatural corners, repeating that pattern into infinity. The depths around are being squeezed, cracking my enclosure of despair. A searing heat builds within my chest. It's too hot!
>I am good enough for me. I get to exist, otherwise, why would I be here? I contributed everything I could to the Church, and look what came of it! God has truly abandoned us, not just me! 
>The blackness shatters into millions of those unnatural corners, clinking like shattered glass on the ground; it's overwhelming. I can't take the heat; it's too much. This is the dream, right?
>A sudden cold overwhelms me, as if I am devoid of life. The uncanny silence comes back. I realize the uncanny quiet comes from the lack of a heartbeat. Is this what death feels like?
>No, it isn't the dream. The heat is flowing from me into the cabin, catching on the dry wool of the bed and sealed wood of the walls. Thomas stands in the middle of that flame, unable to escape the ferocious blast.
>I finally open my eyes to the blazing inferno, Thomas on the ground in front of me, charred. The mask of grief and anger transformed to one of horror. What did he see in his final moments? Was it more than the failed crop he labelled me? 
>Panic swells, and I run outside, but I don't stop. I don't alert anyone to the fire. I don't look back on it. I run to where I meet Soot. I am... complete. Even as I write this, I am at peace. I don't want Thomas dead. But they have evidence now, and I know they will come for me, in my castle of mushrooms, my knight, Soot, protecting me. I hear shouts and usher Soot away. He dashes away, seeming to understand the urgency. Before he is out of sight, he turns back, eyes full of sympathy. I write this knowing that the charges of witchcraft have been laid at my feet again. With Thomas dead, the lack of my presence certainly means they will come for me. My feet will dangle above those blocks by the end of the day. I don't care. This will be the sweet release I have been searching for. My only sorrow is that the Lady Moon and Soot might miss my presence.
>I hid this journal in the base of this tree, covered by moss and sticks to conceal its presence. Maybe Soot will read it someday. The trees accept me and the space I take. The Moon accepts me for me. She knows my sorrows as she knows her own. The Church could never accept me as I am now. I broke the mold and was punished for it. My inability to birth children is not who I am.
>Fingers of gray light grip the heavens, and far off a cock crows. It can't be too much longer. 
>Farewell, cruel world, I won't miss you.
>- Sylvia White

You enter into a world of suspicion, religious extremism, and defined roles sections of society. The tragedy of Sylvia White happens days before the start of this story. In the span of a couple hours, Sylvia faces trial and execution for the murder of Thomas White. Some say she laughed maniacally  as they dragged her to the jail. She wouldn't answer when spoken to, neither on the stand nor the hanging platform that was hastily put together. In response to the crowd jeers, she shouted "The Lady Moon comes for you all. Weep for you know not what comes, but I do! Soon your accusing eyes will never accuse me again!"

You only hear about the crazy witch vaguely, as you are a couple hour walk away, and your town knows the Patchman's liars and cheats. They tell tall tales to gather attention to themselves. The rumors say Sylvia had a familiar to do her bidding to give her an alibi, and that Sylvia had a group of witches following her. How true are those rumors?

Days after the events of the hanging of Sylvia, things in [[Quakewood]] started becoming weird. The book club you are in (Show-ers and Growers) whisper about it, as the wailing wind flows by. Some say they hear Sylvia's laugh upon the wind, some say her cries. Martha's plants flowered and shriveled in the course of the day. Nancy noticed her house, even though she keeps it tidy, was in perfect condition. Francie was jailed on accusations of witchcraft after her husbands arm was crushed by an unseen force he claims. He claims Francie is a part of Sylvia's group of witches. The clouds and wind call to some, the moon to others, and the sun even to others.

The Vezetuu have been called back to New Eger City, the main place for the religious leaders on the new continent. The winds of change erode what once was, revealing what will be. The Builders have been unsettled, and are meeting about new rules to put in place until things settle down.

What's happening on the new continent, and what truly happened with Sylvia?

## Short story?
The full moon fixates it empathetic gaze at me through the splintered pine door of the cabin, a chilling wind battering the sputtering embers of fire in the hearth. The stirrings of the air pluck a drop of water from the ceiling, like picking an apple from a tree. The droplet projects a a different world into an unknown universe, maybe one where I can finally be happy.
The breeze permeates through the cabin, causing vibrations in the web of a spider that regards me with contempt. Each being, whether animate or not, accosts me with glares of accusation. 
A human-shaped void stands before me, a cruel mask of anger criticizing me for my past failures as a Grower.
The droplet is sinking like an anvil through tar, the rays of moonlight scattered, as the shadowy arm of this monster raises above me. The fear coursing through me paralyzes my muscles, dropping me to my knees.
The skeletal fingers of chairs broken in anger point at my heart, lamenting the anguish and suffering of both Thomas and I; they condemn for the failed crops in the past years. My status as a smart and capable Grower has diminished, as well as Thomas' reputation as a Builder. 
The Church and Holy Book demand better, and make it known these failures are my own.
Eternity has passed, millions of years, but the drop of water, a tear of the moon, is a small distance from it's other brethren on the ceiling, those who are too afraid to drop from that safety.
It's odd, what you notice in times of great excitement or fear, for it looks like the moon forgives me for my failed crop. I can almost hear a whisper from it, distant but powerful, "The crops you grow are not your worth..."
The hand above me moves down, and upon studying that terrifying mask of anger, grief hides under that surface, though the intent to do incredible harm is apparent. Above the fury-twisted face, curly brown hair, slicked with sweat and oil, fades into focus. I'm almost reminded of the unruly mop atop my husband Thomas' head. Blink.
The room vanishes around me, and I'm falling, flailing in the air, my nightgown hampering my attempts to gain control of something, anything. Unnatural corners and impossible geometries twist around in the inky dark around me, the pungent scent of burnt clothes and hair alike choking me. My back slams into a warm, viscous liquid, the air expressed from my lungs like I were a popped grape. Unconsciousness threatens me, but a sharp pain in my side keeps me awake. Blink.
A rough red wool shirt emerges from the chest of the horrific creature, one similar to what Thomas wore on his town watch today. The grotesque foot of the demon is pulling away, and I'm against the wall. The distant murmuring of the moon, with it's full, beautiful eyes, has become a wail that only I appear to hear because the shadow reaches it's hand out toward my head. Ever so slowly does the teardrop released from the thatch roof creeps toward the floor. Tears cloud my vision. Blink.
My nightgown continues to restrict my movement in this ocean. The smoke that previously choked me is replaced by an iron tang as I struggle to get air into my lungs. I am battered by vicious waves, each one another insult flung my way, or a scrutinizing gaze, like whatever disease I had was catching and others would face similar crop failure. Dots swim in my eyes and I try to blink-
In this moment of time that lasts forever, my mind wanders, the pain in my back and head forcing my brain into irrational states. I wonder how life would be different if they survived. Would Thomas love me still? The scuffed, muddy boots, and patched pants coalesce from inside the jet black beast. I should have cleaned those boots weeks ago; however the emotional tempest of grief inside keeps me bedridden. A piece of dirt from those boots, come close to my eye, and I blink-
-them away, and the icy tendrils of the depths grip my ankles and pull me deeper, far enough into abyss that the pressure makes it impossible to move. I finally succumb to the desire to fade away, an impenetrable wall of black, icy blood surrounding me. Blink.
 -Thomas is towering above me, the rage contorting as to make it unrecognizable. The droplet is barely almost to the floor, and in this second ever-lasting moment, with the wails of the moon and the Sylvia living in the falling water collectively comforting me, anger blossoms inside my stomach. A brilliant, pure anger, as if somewhere deep within I had been carrying this locked chest of emotions that had finally burst free. My worth is not tied to what I grow. Charlie and Abigail both deserved a chance at life. I followed all the rules stated in the Holy Book, by the Tanars and Vezetii, by the other Growers, and even Thomas. Blink.
Cracks of pure white light ripples across the darkness around me, like lightning splitting the heavens, and all at once, a dam of *something* is unleashed. The blinding brilliance forces my eyes shut. Blink.
A stillness dampens all movement and sound, the cacophony of insults, condemnations, and accusations finally gone. The quiet was pervasive enough to hear the *plop* of the water, and that *plop* unstuck everything else. The heat inside poured out in one fantastic rush, alighting everything in flame. Thomas had no time to move, his face hurriedly switch to horror, and finally to pain. The explosion continued, never giving Thomas a chance to scream, his skin melting, forcing that cruel mask into a blob of skin, until that too, was on fire. 

## From Veronica's perspective
**The following is forthwith cut from the hook**
Gale, a breeze born over the frigid [[Ravess Ocean]], flowing and swirling. It pushes against the cold water, playing a joyful game of tug-of-war to create the waves that cradle the boats and the birds. It must then be decided, if this particular wind is alive. If it were, it would be named Gale, it supposes.
The concept of time does not exist to Gale, Gale simply is, and does what it does while it lives. If Gale understood time, it would know the year is 1692, the peak of summer right around the corner. Gale turns from a soft breeze to a strong current of air, maturing as it grows, flying over the dark waters. Gale flies on the ocean until a mountainous land mass filled with green trees greets Gale with a soft greeting. The trees and the wind made music in the air, much like the water and the wind played together in that marvelous game. As they sang their harmony, Gale happens over woman, sitting is a small circle of mushrooms, using a cylindrical object to make scratching's on a yellowed rectangle. Gale knows not why, but a dreadful anguish falls over it, and the happy harmony Gale sang with the trees, became a haunting dirge for what was to be lost. Gale continues on, for wind won't stop until it dies, and Gale was not done yet. A tiny village, a dot so small it would be gone if it blinked, appears, and in this smudge stood a woman in the remains of a blackened cabin, peering around. This happened to be Veronica Patchman.
**End cut**

Veronica Patchman, a Grower reliably able to fulfill her duties, as it were, stands in the brisk night air, the full moon being chased away by the gray heralds of dawn charging through the sky. A gale elicits a sorrowful groan, as if the forest mourned the loss of a very dear friend. The moon wept at having to leave behind the night, the slight fog her tears and the wind her wail.
Veronica had a swarm of children, each one a different bean sprout, full to the brim with life and love for the Church and their associated duties. Yet, they slept in their warm cots, with a low fire heating the cabin, away from the terrible sight of the remains of the White family.
Veronica prided herself on being undaunted by tasks or situations laid before her, but she had a hard time digesting all the information available to her. Uneasiness stirred within, as she looked around at the aftermath that stole not one, but two lives away from the village. The remains of a cabin lay about her, burnt logs toppled, embers slowly sizzling away. The burnt cabin was not the source of the uncomfortable stirrings of her stomach, no. The fires on the wooden planks had been dead for some time, the floor uniformly burnt, except in two spots. A speck of ash lazily floated down, swinging in time with the cries of the moon. An unnatural breeze swept the floating gray fleck up and away from a perfect circle on the floor of raw pine, pushing it right to the edge.  The stark contrast between the beige and charred wood drew the eye immediately. It is only a moment later that another portion of the floor draws the eyes, one that suffered the gentler passions of the fire. A human-shaped shadow lay on the ground, the horror of its last moments permeating the space around it. She forced herself to look at this part of the floor. Sharp lines drew the outline of the body, a dimly lit human-shaped candle in the abyss of the night that surrounds him. Thomas was his name, the person this shadow belonged to. No body for the burial ritual only makes Thomas' life after death harder, according to the Szent. He will wander, aimlessly, until he finds his way to the afterlife, so it is said. The fire was mostly out by the time everyone arrived, a bright flash and intense heat awoke the adults, and was gone by the time any left their door. What happened can only be described by two possible scenarios: 1. God herself issued judgment of the White household, or 2. Sylvia White was a witch. 
Not two days ago had Sylvia looked at poor Betsy, muttering a curse under her breath that forced ungodly spasms throughout her child. Melas may finally shed the walking evil that is Sylvia White.
The cold summer night and recent rainstorms left the earth malleable, like metal after being heated in a fire. So malleable, deep ruts and gashes in the earth, leading out into the woods were the only signs Sylvia had come back. 
A figure in the holy robes of the Szent approaches, barely light enough to make out the features of Tanar Preston, his full lips frowning, pulling his brows down into a concerned face. He speaks in a low, whispering tone,
"She laughs to herself, a maniacal  giggle from the darkest corner of the room. Deathly still and quiet when spoken to, as well. I think the evil she was toying with came for her sanity, leaving her in quite the state."
"She has been that way for a long time. She will get what's coming for her later today," Veronica hissed back.
"The Churches investigation and official stance has been finished. Thomas had just come home from the pub in a jolly mood. Sylvia surprised him, bludgeoning him in the back of the head with pieces of a broken chair, one she broke in a fit of rage earlier in the week. She took the torch and coal she had stockpiled outside and set her life on fire, with her husband inside. She will officially be charged with two counts of witchcraft and three counts of murder. Two are the crop infanticides she performed, robbing the Church of the future, and one for her husband, Thomas." Preston, having said that, turned and walked away, the sound of his softly thudding feet disturbing the silence around the White cabin. 
Who knows what Sylvia was thinking? It's at this moment Veronica notices a pair of eyes, glinting in the last throes of the moonlight staring at her from a bush. The bush shakes, the dry leaves rasping, a black dart shooting out and away from the village.
She stands on the village gallows, creaky and rotted from the disuse and moisture. The tarred, hempen necklace Sylvia wore made was scratchy, irritating the skin. She couldn't scratch the itch with more of that rope tying her hands behind her back. The other villagers huddled in front of the gallows, seeking comfort in the deafening silence. Tanar Preston and Mayor Shoemaker stand on the deadly, unsteady tower of wood from which Sylvia would hang. Mayor Shoemaker, sweaty from the rays of sun hammering the village and himself, cleared his throat, hands shaking slightly and proclaimed: "Sylvia White, you have hereby been accused and proven guilty by the Church, led by Tanar Preston and Veronica Patchman." Sylvia's eyes were closed, a smile on her face as the Mayor's shaky voice wavered across the crowd. 
"The following charges were brought against you: 2 counts of witchcraft and heresy, both guilty, and three counts of murder, one for Thomas White, and two for who should've been Charlie and Abigail White, crop stolen from the Church, all guilty. The sentence proclaimed by the Szent and Church demands hanging, and so it shall be done. Do you have any last words?"

She laughed at the gathered crowd, muttering to herself, and laughed again, like someone was telling her a hilarious joke. Fervor filled her eyes as they snapped open, sweat and dust clinging to her skin, and mud covering her shift. She looked at the Mayor in the eyes, never faltering for a moment as she and her executioner stared at each other. She moved to Tanar Preston and Veronica Patchman, and then the rest of the villagers, one-by-one. The air was thick as jelly, strangling all sound before it escaped. She giggled, controlled herself, giggled again, bursting into full on laughter, laughing at the crowd. The laughter flowed freely through the air, reverberating off each house, each person, a cacophony of laughter emanating from a single person.
The laugh was cut short, an audible crack echoing throughout the village.

The same mournful gale sang its song as it sailed through the trees and undergrowth, ruffling Sylvia's disheveled dirty blond hair. The others disperse, Tanar Preston congratulating the Mayor for doing what was necessary. He flashes a brief, cheery smile at Veronica, walking away with the rest after gently touching her shoulder. 

The evil was supposedly gone, never to be seen again... Right? The images of the perfect circle of pine and Thomas's shadow within a shadow clang around in Veronica's mind. She thinks, *What other signs of witchcraft have happened but gone unnoticed? The herbalist, healing those unhealable cases, maybe...* Fear and suspicion settled around Veronica's shoulders, velvet drapes dragging her down. She watches from where she stood as the others walk away, laughing. Where there is one, there must be more.

## Final draft
**The following is forthwith cut from the hook**
Gale, a breeze born over the frigid [[Ravess Ocean]], flowing and swirling. It pushes against the cold water, playing a joyful game of tug-of-war to create the waves that cradle the boats and the birds. It must then be decided, if this particular wind is alive. If it were, it would be named Gale, it supposes.
The concept of time does not exist to Gale, Gale simply is, and does what it does while it lives. If Gale understood time, it would know the year is 1692, the peak of summer right around the corner. Gale turns from a soft breeze to a strong current of air, maturing as it grows, flying over the dark waters. Gale flies on the ocean until a mountainous land mass filled with green trees greets Gale with a soft greeting. The trees and the wind made music in the air, much like the water and the wind played together in that marvelous game. As they sang their harmony, Gale happens over woman, sitting is a small circle of mushrooms, using a cylindrical object to make scratching's on a yellowed rectangle. Gale knows not why, but a dreadful anguish falls over it, and the happy harmony Gale sang with the trees, became a haunting dirge for what was to be lost. Gale continues on, for wind won't stop until it dies, and Gale was not done yet. A tiny village, a dot so small it would be gone if it blinked, appears, and in this smudge stood a woman in the remains of a blackened cabin, peering around. This happened to be Veronica Patchman.
**End cut**

Veronica Patchman, a Grower reliably able to fulfill her duties, as it were, stands in the brisk night air, the full moon being chased away by the gray heralds of dawn. A gale elicits a sorrowful groan, as if the forest mourned the loss of a very dear friend. The moon wept at having to leave behind the night, the slight fog her tears and the wind her wail.
~~Veronica had a swarm of children, each one a different bean sprout, full to the brim with life and love for the Church and their associated duties. Yet, they slept in their warm cots, with a low fire heating the cabin, away from the terrible sight of t~~
Veronica prided herself on being undaunted by tasks or situations laid before her, but she had a hard time understanding what lay before her. The remains, or rather, the lack of remains, of the White family, upset her stomach; her imagination unable to truly fill in the sequence of events that occurred during the night before. Uneasiness stirred within as she looked around the aftermath that stole not one, but two lives away from the village, even though only one life had been taken so far. The remains of a cabin lay about her, burnt logs toppled in a haphazard fashion, the remnants of the fire slowly eating through the wood. 
The burnt cabin was not the source of the uncomfortable stirrings of her stomach, no. The fires on the wooden planks had been dead for some time. The floor was  uniformly burnt, except for two spots. A speck of ash floated down lazily, swinging in time with the cries of the moon. An unnatural breeze kicked up and swept the gray fleck up and away from the center of a perfect circle of raw pine on the floor, pushing it right to the edge, on top of a pile of ash. The stark contrast between the beige and charred wood drew her eye immediately. It is only a moment later that another portion of the floor drew attention, one that suffered the gentler passions of the fire. A human-shaped shadow lay on the ground, the figure lighter than the surrounding area. Veronica swore she was experiencing the horror of the last moments of Thomas White, the fear and terror permeating the space around where he died. 
Her body rejected studying the anomaly, but she forced herself to look it. Sharp lines drew the outline of the body, a dimly lit human-shaped candle in the abyss of the night that surrounds him. There is no body for the burial ritual; Thomas' life after death will be harder, according to the Holy Book. He will wander, aimlessly, until he finds his way to the afterlife, so it is said. A bright flash and intense heat awoke the people surrounding the White cabin, and the fire was gone by the time any left the warm comfort of their cabin. What happened can only be described by two possible scenarios: 1. God himself issued judgment of the White household, burning it with her righteous fury or 2, the more likely scenario, Sylvia White was a witch, which Veronica had suspected for some time. 
Not two days ago had Sylvia looked at poor Betsy, cursing Betsy with a seizure under her breath. Thomas had also fallen ill for several days after he and Sylvia had a disagreement.
The cold summer night and recent rainstorms left the earth malleable, so footsteps were clearly visible. Deep ruts in the earth mixed in with boot prints from the woods were the only signs the hunting party had brought Sylvia back. 
A figure in the holy robes of the Szent approached, barely light enough to make out the features of Tanar Preston, his full lips frowning, pulling his brows down into a concerned face. He spoke in a low, whispering tone,
"She laughs to herself, her mental faculties having finally left her after these last two years. When I tried to talk to her about why she did it, she went quiet and still, observing me with eyes like a hawk, and then continued giggling. I think the evil she was toying with came for her sanity, leaving her in quite the state."
"She has been that way for a long time, she has just hidden it well from us. I am unsure how Thomas put up with it for so long. She will get what's coming for her later today," Veronica hissed back.
"The Churches investigation has been finished; the official declaration prepared and posted to the town board. Officially, Thomas had just come home from the pub in a jolly mood, as his friends attested to, when Sylvia surprised him, bludgeoning him in the back of the head with a piece of a broken chair. These close confidants said Thomas told them she broke it in a fit of rage earlier in the week. Then, she set fire to the cabin while Thomas was unaware., her whole life going up in flames. She has been charged with two counts of witchcraft and three counts of murder. Two for the children that never were, and one for her husband, Thomas." Preston, having said that, after a moment of silence, his eyes searching hers, turned and walked away, the sound of his softly thudding feet disturbing the silence around the White cabin. 
As the Tanar plods away, Veronica notices a pair of eyes, glinting in the last throes of the moonlight, staring at her from a bush. The leaves shake and a black dart shoots out and away from the village.

Midmorning comes, and with it, the absurd heat of the day, the air thick with tension and moisture. Sylvia stands on the village gallows, creaky and rotted from the disuse and moisture. Fair trials on the New Continent were few and far between; the Church was not in contact as often as it should've been, and the distance between the New and Old Continent made for the slow travel of news and discipline. Sylvia's trial was quick, without defense on her side, and, according to the Church, an open and shut case.
The tarred, hempen necklace Sylvia wore was scratchy and irritating her skin. She couldn't scratch the itch because more rope tied her hands behind her back. The other villagers huddled in front of the gallows, seeking comfort in the dead silence. Tanar Preston and Mayor Shoemaker stand on the deadly, unsteady tower of wood from which Sylvia would hang. The mayor , sweaty from the beating rays of sun, cleared his throat, hands shaking, and proclaimed: "Sylvia White, you have hereby been accused of murder and proven guilty by the Church. The investigation was led by Tanar Preston and Veronica Patchman." Sylvia's eyes were closed, a smile on her face as the Mayor's shaky voice wavered across the crowd. 
"The following charges were brought against you: 2 counts of witchcraft and heresy. Both guilty. Three counts of murder, one for Thomas White, and two for who should've been Charlie and Abigail White. Guilty on all three counts. The sentence proclaimed by the Szent and Church demands hanging, and so it shall be done. Do you have any last words?"

She laughed at the gathered crowd, muttering to herself, and laughed again, like a a hilarious joke was told that no one else could hear. Fervor filled her eyes as they snapped open, sweat and dust clinging to her skin, and mud covering her shift. She looked at the Mayor in the eyes, never faltering for a moment as she and her executioner stared at each other. She moved to Tanar Preston and Veronica Patchman, and then the rest of the villagers, one-by-one. The air was thick as jelly, strangling all sound before it escaped. She giggled, controlled herself, giggled again, bursting into full on laughter, laughing at the crowd. The laughter flowed freely through the air, reverberating off each house, each person, a cacophony of laughter emanating from a single person.
The laugh was cut short, an audible crack echoing throughout the village.

The same mournful gale sang its song as it sailed through the trees and undergrowth, ruffling Sylvia's disheveled dirty blond hair. The others disperse, Tanar Preston congratulating the Mayor for doing what was necessary. He flashes a brief, cheery smile at Veronica, walking away with the rest after gently touching her shoulder. 

The evil was supposedly gone, never to be seen again... Right? The images of the perfect circle of pine and Thomas's shadow within a shadow clang around in Veronica's mind. She thinks, *What other signs of witchcraft have happened but gone unnoticed? The herbalist, healing those unhealable cases, maybe...* Fear and suspicion settled around Veronica's shoulders, velvet drapes dragging her down. She watches from where she stood as the others walk away, laughing. Where there is one, there must be more.
## Where can I take the campaign?
- How to explore themes of power switching to the oppressed?
- How to explore religious ideology extremism themes?
- The societal structure shouldn't depend on gender either, mainly focusing on how a monolithic lawmaking structure is a problem
## Rewrite 1,000,000
The study of Aevum Quieti, the age of dormant m